# Syllabique
Syllabique is a small script that composes words out of a list of syllables. Using different sets of syllables can create very different feeling gibberish-languages. Try it out yourself and experiment. [See the examples](https://weber.nu/dev/syllabique) for inspiration!

## For developers
Want to use Syllabique in your own project? Sure! It consists of a single ES6 module, so if you need broad support you better run it through a transpiler or something.

### Exported methods
* `getSyllabicWord(options)`
  * Composes a single word out of the provided syllables.
* `getSyllabicPhrase(numWords, options)`
  * Composes several words.

### Options
None of the options are required.

Attribute | Type | Description | Default value
--- | --- | --- | ---
syllables | Array of strings | The syllables that will make up the generated words. | `['ba', 'ra', 'cu', 'da', 'in', 'the', 'sea']`
minWordSyllables | Integer number | The minimum number of syllables required in a generated word. | `2`
maxWordSyllables | Integer number | The maximum number of syllables that a generated word can have. | `4`
maxSyllableRepetitions | Integer number | The maximum number of times a syllable can be immediately repeated in a word. It can still occur more times if there are other syllables in-between. | `2`
capitalize | Boolean | Whether to capitalize words or not. | `true` for method `getSyllabicWord` but `false` for method `getSyllabicPhrase`
capitalizePhrase | Boolean | Whether to capitalize the first word of a phrase generated by `getSyllabicPhrase`. Not available for `getSyllabicWord`. | `true`
